Macagno Michele matr.231705

 Assignment 1 - DTD documentation


root element: nffgs.At least an nffg nested element is required. 
An nffg is described by name, lastUpdate as attributes. 
The nodes must be at least 2. because it is the minimum number of nodes that allowing the creation of links, 
The set of nodes, links and policies are required as nested elements. 
Policies are not mandatory in the nffg.
Every node is described by two attributes, the "name" (must be unique in the document- type ID) and the "functionality", both of them are mandatory #REQUIRED.
functionality attribute can assume only a specified set of values (FW|DPI|NAT|SPAM|CACHE|VPN|WEB_SERVER|WEB_CLIENT|MAIL_SERVER|MAIL_CLIENT),
defined in the declaration of the attribute.

Links are described by mandatory attributes for name,source (src) and destination (dst). src and dst are defined as IDREF,
they must assume as value, one of the ID defined in the document. Note that with DTD is not possible to enforce a strong constraint,
i.e. src and dst can refer also to ID different from nodes identifier.

A policy is, by default, a reachability one. Name,src,dst and positivity (can assume as values only true/false) are mandatory attributes (#REQUIRED). 
A policy with nested element <traversal> is a traversal policy.
Element traversal must have at least one nested element of type <functionality>, adding information regarding the requested functionalities.
The set of available functionalities are identified by the attribute name of functionality element, that can assume the same values described before for functionalities. 
 
Attribute that must be unique in the document (to be used as identifier) are defined with ID.
Attributes that must assume values equals to these identifier are defined with IDREF 
(meaning the content must be equal to an already defined ID)
 
Limits of DTD:
IDREF attributes are not connected to the correct element, i.e. they can refer to every ID in the xml document,
not only the type of element you should enforce. This constraints must be checked by the developer.

